From The New York Times, I'm Rachel
Abrams and this is The Daily.
>> [music]
>> With the school year ending, educators
and parents all over the country
>> [music]
>> are taking stock of the earthquake that
is AI in the classroom.
Today, my colleague Natasha Singer talks
about the year that reshaped American
classrooms and how one
>> [music]
>> dedicated teacher helped her students
chart their own path into an uncertain
future.
>> [music]
>> It's Wednesday, June 17th.
Natasha Singer, welcome back to The
Daily.
>> Thanks for having me, Rachel.
>> So, the school year is done for most
students across the country and it's
been a really contentious year when it
comes to one topic in particular, which
is AI in the classroom, something that
you have been covering.
Can you summarize for us what the fight
is over specifically and when did it
really get started?
>> You know, Rachel, I've been covering
tech in schools and tech industry
influence in schools for The New York
Times for more than a decade and I've
never seen the kind of parent backlash
about school tech that we're seeing.
And particularly, as you pointed out, AI
is becoming the new flashpoint. And I
think that it's partly because of the
context. First of all, there are massive
concerns about cheating. Students tell
me they're sitting in the front row of
class and the kids in the back row have
got their Chromebooks open and whenever
a teacher asks a question, the kids in
the back are looking up the answers on
Gemini or ChatGPT and if they get called
on, they're just reading the AI answers.
>> Wow.
>> And so there are all these concerns that
these AI tools could pose serious risk
to kids learning, to kids critical
thinking and so that's part of what the
fight is about. And at the same time,
you're getting this massive push from
tech companies like Google and Microsoft
and Open AI to get their chatbots into
schools. And you're also seeing the
White House pushing for AI education.
>> This next executive order relates to
artificial intelligence education, sir.
>> The White House issued this executive
order on AI education toward the end of
the last school year, and it was called
advancing AI education for American
youth.
>> already. That's a big deal because AI is
where it seems to be at.
We have literally trillions of dollars
being invested invested in AI.
>> The Trump White House was saying, "If
America wants to remain on the cutting
edge, then we need kids to learn how to
use these AI tools."
>> AI is the way to the future. I don't
know if that's right or not, but
certainly very smart people are
investing in it heavily.
>> It was a call to action, but it didn't
have a lot of direction on what to do.
>> [music]
>> And so, that left a great opportunity
for tech companies to come in and shape
what was happening.
>> At Microsoft, we believe delivering
>> At Google, we see AI as the most
profound way
>> It's called the AWS education action
>> And so, the next thing that happens is
you have dozens of companies signing up.
>> Today, we are making new commitments by
providing K-12 students, teachers, and
staff with broader access than ever
before.
>> Those companies are like Anthropic and
Amazon and Nvidia and Meta and Microsoft
and Oracle and Open AI. Like all the
companies who are invested in tech step
up and say, "We have the technology and
the expertise and the funds to drive AI
education."
>> And the goal really is to give away
[music] up to a hundred million dollars
in technology.
>> 150 million dollars will go towards
grants to support AI education.
>> There's nothing more important than
education.
>> Focusing on education is the center of
where we need to go because it is all of
these young people, they literally have
to embrace it.
>> But AI education is so new, nobody
really knows what it is. And everybody
has different definitions.
>> Mhm.
>> So basically in the absence of very
specific guidance from the White House,
that leaves a vacuum for all these other
stakeholders, if you will, to come in
and try to shape how AI is being used in
the classroom.
>> 100%.
>> Okay, so these big tech companies want
to get their technology into schools,
which we know they have done before. I
am probably one of many people who
remembers being a kid and suddenly
seeing these big colorful iMacs that
just appeared in classrooms. So on some
level this is not a totally new
phenomena.
>> This is a really important point because
we see these tech hype cycles in school
driven by companies who have products.
And they want to get their products in
front of kids because kids are the next
generation of consumers. If you can
train a second
>> grader on your tool, you have them for
life as a customer. And we should look
at these because when schools got
laptops in the beginning, there was a
big push for what they called computer
literacy, like learn how to use a
computer. And then as social media was
taking off, we got social media literacy
in schools. And then there was this
brief moment after Meta changed its name
where there was a campaign for metaverse
literacy. And now we have this huge push
for AI literacy when we have sparse
evidence that many of these past tech
literacies had educational benefits for
kids.
>> Mhm.
>> Can you talk about what that rollout of
AI in schools actually looks like? What
are we actually seeing happening with
students?
>> So that's a really important question.
It's also difficult to answer because
each school district is doing its own
thing. The most prominent example is
Miami-Dade County Public Schools, which
is the third largest US school district.
And they were very careful.
They spent months having their own
technology experts test tech tools to
see what they thought had the best
guardrails for students. And then they
spent months training teachers how to
use these tools and I sat in on some of
those trainings. And so you have a
district that basically geared up for a
year before they decided to introduce
Gemini, Google's chatbot, for more than
100,000 high school students. So that
was a very careful rollout. They started
very, very slowly and then I think in
contrast, you have the Los Angeles
Unified District, which is the second
largest school district. And they in
2024 announced with huge fanfare
>> Los Angeles Unified will never waver
from putting our students' needs first.
>> that they had signed a deal with a
startup to make an AI chatbot for
students.
>> A new day is dawning in technology
[music] and public education as Los
Angeles
>> LA had said, "We're going to be a model
for the nation in AI use." It was going
to be called Ed. It was really friendly.
>> Hi everybody. I'm Ed.
>> [music]
>> that would talk to students and students
could ask for help if they were
struggling with a math problem. It could
give them emotional support. They could
check their grades. They could check
their test scores. Their parents would
be able to use this AI tool.
>> collaboration platform. We have one of
the brightest entities in the universe,
Ed.
>> And so it was billed as this magical
thing, right? And the superintendent
said it would democratize access to
information.
>> A panacea, it sounds like.
>> Right. But very quickly, within a few
months, federal prosecutors came in and
charged the founder of this startup that
was making the AI tool for Los Angeles
schools with defrauding investors.
>> Defrauding investors?
>> Right. And then the startup went
bankrupt. And so, you know, that's the
end of this tool that LA had chosen as
its kind of demonstration product. And
so you have this contrast between Miami,
which went methodically and tested many
AI tools before settling on one, and LA
that went with a small startup that had
never made anything of this scale.
>> So, obviously, this rollout of AI in
schools has been chaotic. Los Angeles
shows the risks of rushing into
something quickly.
This chaos though does seem a bit
predictable, right? Because we're
talking about technology that we are
only beginning to understand what it is,
how to use it, what the risks are.
How have parents reacted to all of this?
>> Well, I have to go back to Los Angeles
because soon after this whole fiasco
with the chatbot, Los Angeles parents
started a petition called
Get Big Tech off students' desks.
>> Big Tech is the big tobacco of our time.
>> Is it safe? Is it legal?
And is it effective?
>> I trusted the school and the district
with my child and that you had his best
interest at heart.
And it wasn't long before he started to
come home from kindergarten singing the
first songs he learned.
Grammarly ads.
>> [music]
>> Make cursive and typing educational
standards.
And remove all generative AI and AI
chatbots immediately. [music]
>> And more than a thousand people signed
this petition and one of the things that
the parents were asking for in their
petition is to get the school district
to audit all its recent tech contracts.
>> LAUSD must undertake a review of all
existing technology products and
policies to ensure they are safe,
effective, and legal.
>> [music]
>> So, this concern over AI is part of this
wave [music] that we're seeing around
the country of parents pushing back on
school tech.
>> So, okay, the AI backlash kind of gets
rolled into a broader backlash. With AI
though, what is the specific complaint
about AI?
>> So, I think the concerns about these
generative AI tools, right, which can
produce texts and images
are multiple. You've used chat GPT and
other tools. They regularly make stuff
up, right? And so, one of the things is,
are they going to misinform students and
are students not going to know?
>> [gasps]
>> The second thing is that you're
basically off-loading human tasks
to a bot.
And if you are a child or a student who
doesn't know how to think critically yet
or who doesn't know how to use research
or doesn't know how to analyze a text
passage, then it's like both hindering
the development of your own human skills
and also creating this
result that seems human-ish. It's
human-esque. And we've seen a series of
reports and studies cautioning against
using AI in education and the problems
it could cause. And one of the biggest
was a report from Brookings earlier this
year
in which, you know, they looked at
hundreds of studies and they spoke with
hundreds of students and teachers and
researchers and parents and
technologists across the world. And the
Brookings report said that at least for
now, the risk of using generative AI in
kids' education far overshadows the
benefits.
>> I want to pause briefly here and talk a
little bit more about some of those
risks that you articulated because
what you were describing as the concern
is fundamentally about critical
thinking, right?
If the assignment is to read Othello and
explain what it means or look at a piece
of civil rights law and try to explain
how it might apply in a different
situation,
theoretically, what students are being
offered is a machine that can do all of
that for you. And just to use a
imperfect metaphor, if you think of the
brain as a muscle that you exercise by
learning to think critically in schools,
this is a tool that basically takes away
that exercise.
>> Absolutely. It's completely different to
read a play like Othello or study
primary source documents on the history
of the Civil Rights Movement, or even
listen to a podcast, versus getting an
AI to synthesize that for you, to
summarize that for you, to explain it to
you. And parents are saying they want to
see more research and more studies about
the impact of these tools in schools.
And so one of the things we saw right
after the LA chatbot fiasco was the Los
Angeles school board just voted to put
in restrictions on tech in schools,
including like no laptops or tablets for
kids in kindergarten and first grade.
But in New York, we've seen a
groundswell of concern specifically
around AI.
And a huge push to get the school
district to put a moratorium on using
student-facing AI tools, and asking for
an immediate pause on AI in schools.
And one of the things that's remarkable
about this polarizing [music] debate is
that the folks that are actually in the
middle of this, the teachers and the
students, [music] are largely left out
of the discussion.
And so [music] this year I spent a lot
of time going to schools and asking
teachers and students what they think.
We'll be right back.
>> Okay, so Natasha, what have you learned
from talking to the people that we have
not been hearing from in all of this,
teachers and students?
>> You know, I spent a lot of time in
schools this year, and it's absolutely
fascinating.
I found that more and more teachers and
students aren't buying the popular
polarizing narratives that like AI's
magically going to transform education,
or AI's going to tragically doom
education. You see some students who
have deep concerns about AI, and you
have teachers who are trying to stake
out a middle ground and chart a new path
for what AI education could look like
for their students.
>> And what does that path mean? What does
it look like?
>> Well, a great example is a teacher that
I started talking with earlier this
year.
>> Okay. Can you just tell me a little bit
about your class and the school you're
in Newark?
>> Yeah, I'm in Newark, New Jersey at North
Star Academy, which is a charter school.
I've been there for a long time, so I've
>> His name is Scott Kern.
He teaches advanced placement US
history.
>> It's a It's a passion for sure.
It's hard for me to imagine doing
anything else.
>> You just see he's the kind of dedicated,
engaging teacher that you wish you had
or that you would want for your kids.
>> I want them to become good writers, good
thinkers,
good people.
>> And, you know, like many of us, Scott
started experimenting with AI chatbots.
>> My kids and I were using it to make
silly stories and um
>> And then he signed on and did this
fellowship program for teachers where he
learned to build his own customized AI
tools tailored to the history courses
that he was teaching.
And he's the head of the history
department.
>> I thought, "Wow, this could be so
helpful for me as a curriculum planner."
>> And so he's using it for his own work to
develop and update course materials, and
he can see that that's really useful.
>> lesson planning, lesson design.
>> But as he's using these AI bots more and
more,
>> I thought, "I think there's opportunity
here in my
>> It occurs to him that the AI might also
be able to help engage his students in
learning AP US history.
>> So hopefully deepen their thinking and
to make for like a richer discussion.
>> But in very limited doses,
>> when teachers know when the moments of
academic friction and critical thinking
are happening, they can choose that AI
will not enter the picture at those
moments. And if we do that, then AI, I
think, can augment learning in some
really powerful ways. And
>> So, educators know that the thing that
makes students learn
is friction, right? The fancy term for
it is productive struggle.
If something is easy, you might not
retain it. But if you think through
something yourself, and you ask
questions, and maybe you make mistakes,
or maybe you correct it, or maybe, you
know, you have this epiphany about how
to synthesize information from different
time periods or whatever, it's going to
stick in your head. And so, Scott
decides to develop some AI tools to see
if he can help that productive struggle,
that friction with students. And one of
the things he does, remember he's a AP
US history teacher, is he creates a
debate bot. And in the middle of class,
students stop for 10 minutes, and they
start talking with the AI tool that
Scott made. And it's saying to them,
"What do you think was the primary cause
of the Chicago race riots?"
And students say, "Here's what I think
the reason is." And you've got the bot
saying, "Okay, what evidence do you have
for that? What's the primary source for
your argument? And what about what else
is happening around the rest of the
country? Maybe it's not isolated to
Chicago." The bot is designed to try to
push their thinking further and help
them hone a deeper argument.
>> Right, it's not trying to think for
them.
>> But also, after about 10 minutes,
Scott's like, "Okay, close your
computers, and now we're going to talk
about this ourselves."
>> He wants to make sure that his kids are
still exercising their brain muscles, so
to speak.
>> Right. And it's working
inside the classroom.
Outside the classroom, Scott and one of
his teacher colleagues, Mike Towbin,
are getting worried because they're
noticing that a lot of students are
turning to AI tools more frequently.
And [music] I have been seeing this a
lot in my reporting this year. Like,
yeah, there are plenty of kids using AI
to cheat or to [music] take shortcuts,
but I'm also talking to teens around the
country who are using chatbots to
[music] like create fitness routines or
look up recipes or envision their prom
dresses or make animated selfie videos.
>> No, it's It's every time you do a Google
search, it is [music] integrated into
dating apps, it's everywhere.
>> Right. And at the same time, we're
seeing kids like adults get into these
very risky [music] intimate
relationships with AI chatbots. And
sometimes there are really tragic
outcomes.
I recently spoke with a 12th grader in
San Francisco, and he told me like he'd
accidentally stabbed himself in the
middle of the night with a samurai
sword.
>> Wow.
>> And instead of waking up his mom in the
middle of the night to tell her that he
had this deep bleeding gash in his leg,
instead he has to chatbot about what to
do about it.
>> He asked the chatbot what to do about a
samurai sword injury to his leg.
>> Yes, he did. And eventually he woke up
his mom and she took him to the
emergency room, but I
>> That seems like the right call.
>> Right. But the first line for many teens
is chat. Tell me what to do about this,
right?
>> Right.
>> And so Scott and his teacher Mike were
like just growing concerned about their
students.
>> Who knows what's going to be out there
in six or seven years?
Imagine that they get there
and we have done nothing to prepare them
to think critically about AI.
If we're helping kids figure out the
world and their futures,
then we have to help them figure this
out, too.
>> So, the teachers decide that generative
AI is actually a crucial new subject
that teens need to be fluent in.
>> Mhm.
>> And the way they're going to deal with
this is they're going to create a new
course, and they're going to call it
driver's education for AI.
>> [music]
>> So, our goal in all of this, by the end
of the class that we're having, is for
you all to think of yourselves as
drivers of the technology.
>> Mhm.
>> So, I actually went to the first class
of the semester earlier this year in
February. 16 [music] students had signed
up. It's an elective class, and most of
them were seniors preparing [music] to
graduate.
>> Okay, so what do they talk about in the
first class?
>> You control the wheel, you control where
things are going. You are not a
passenger who's just sitting there
letting AI happen to you. You're in
control.
>> They focused on having students think
about agency.
>> So, to kind of think about this in your
own lives, we're going to do what we're
calling a 24-hour audit. So, you're
going to
>> To look at this, the teachers asked the
kids to think about when were the times
that they actively asked a chatbot to do
something for them specific. And the
cases in which you're like on Instagram
and there's an algorithm and it's just
feeding you content and you're like just
scrolling through.
>> They're being asked to think critically
about whether they're thinking
critically.
>> Right. Which may seem obvious, but of
course most of us just mindlessly are
using these AI tools all day long.
>> Sure.
>> You know, and in addition to this
exercise where they thought about
whether they were AI passengers or AI
drivers, the students had this
fascinating conversation about
creativity.
>> Right there. That clip of the building
falling was an AI-generated clip.
Now, you would think like what's the big
deal? It was less than a second, but it
caused
>> They looked at a scene from a movie
where a director had used AI to generate
an explosion.
And they talked about like is that film
director still the creative force behind
this part of the movie or should the AI
also get a co-directing credit? And when
we talked to students from the class,
they weren't naive about the potential
impacts of the technology. And you hear
their really sophisticated thinking when
we ask them [music] about it.
>> Um okay, so I I'm Anna, by the way. Um I
work on The Daily, which is, you know,
like
>> So, our daily producer, Anna Foley,
spoke with a few students.
>> Um I'll start. My name is Brianna Perez
and I'm currently a senior.
>> And I'm 18.
>> My name is Nicholas Wertham. I'm
currently a senior and I'm 18.
>> My name is Adrian Forrow. I'm a senior
and I'm 18.
>> Okay. And Anna asked them broadly about
what they had hoped to get out of the AI
literacy class and how they thought
about AI now.
>> I decided to sign up for this class
because I actually did an internship
last year and I saw how there was a lot
of AI co-pilots that helped in like
business databases. So, I feel like AI
isn't going to go nowhere. So, it's
better for me to learn it now. So, I
will be more like aware, know how to
work AI in my future.
>> Um so, I just wanted better
understanding of how AI can help me in
my thinking.
Like going throughout this class, it
kind of made me realize that I have to
approach AI with a certain purpose in
mind instead of just mindlessly asking a
general question because then AI will
kind of drive me and I won't drive it.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. What did you think about AI before
you started this class?
>> Um to me, I think the misconception that
I had is AI kind of has the answers to
everything. Cuz I had some very specific
tasks that I was working on and if I
wasn't specific giving the AI context or
like being straightforward with what I
needed it for, it wasn't as accurate or
efficient as I hoped it was going to be.
And it just showed me that I had to put
a lot more effort into my own personal
thinking and taking the initiative on my
own versus solely relying on AI in
places that I probably shouldn't have
solely been relying on it for.
>> When you look back on this course, do
you have favorite lessons? Any memories
that you know, you had a light bulb
moment or like were funny or silly?
>> Um I would say probably the first class.
We had an example chart of like how are
you a driver and how are you a
passenger? And I was like I really sat
back and really I was like Spotify has
an AI like DJ and I'm always listening
to the AI DJ. It plays all of my
favorite music and I was like that's
AI unconsciously driving me because I'm
not picking the music. I'm just
listening to whatever it generates. And
I was it was it was funny cuz I was just
like I feel like I have a good
understanding of AI, but this idea of
like being a driver wasn't really
something that I ever thought of.
>> Did you change how you listen to music?
Like do you still use AI DJ?
>> Yes.
>> Okay.
>> [laughter]
>> I try to like be more specific. Like if
I don't like the song, I'll skip it now.
Before I just let it used to go on and
on and on, but I you know, I'm trying to
get better.
>> Yeah, you're trying to say like if it's
going to pick music for me, it should be
straight hits. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm kind of curious like before this
class, like I feel like I see a lot of
people in my life using AI including my
parents. Have your parents used AI? And
like what is that like?
>> Uh yes. So recently I went on vacation
with my mom and our whole itinerary when
we were in Puerto Rico was completely
chat GPT generated. But my mom was like
this saved her so much time and most of
the places we went to were actually
pretty good. But I would say the issue
with both of my parents is they cannot
tell when something's AI generated. And
even it'll say at the bottom like may
contain AI generated media and they're
just like, "Well, how can you tell?" I'm
just like, "Yeah, this is going to be a
problem I feel like in the future."
>> Yeah, like it's here to stay, so you
might as well start learning it. Kind of
like what you were saying. You too,
anything with your parents?
>> So my dad is mostly a call type of
person like he'll call me instead of
text me. But recently he's been texting
me and using chat GPT.
>> How can you How can you tell?
>> I can tell because that is not the way
he talks at all. Um the times he does
text me is only like one word short
answers and all of a sudden I'm getting
this long paragraph of like
uh advanced words. Um not to say he
doesn't know them, but that's not him.
>> He just doesn't typically write that
way.
>> does not write like that at all.
Um and it really caught me off guard and
I asked him about it and he said, "Yeah,
chat GPT really helps me um formulate my
grammar." And I was telling him that I
want to hear what you have to say, not
chat GPT. So we talked about it for a
bit and he kind of understood where I
was coming from.
>> Mhm.
That's a big task as a your family
ambassador for AI.
>> Well, they say it themselves like I'm
growing up in this time of AI. So, I
feel like it's kind of up to me.
>> Mhm. So, the students have taken on the
roles of teachers. They're teaching
their parents about AI and and how to
use AI responsibly.
>> Well, thank you guys so much. I really
appreciate it. And thank you for letting
me sit in on class. I I enjoyed it.
Yeah, yeah.
>> But Natasha, given just how fast all of
this AI technology is evolving, I mean,
they're coming out with like new
versions of ChatGPT it feels like every
few weeks at this point. What are the
chances that whatever these kids learn
this semester would be outdated by the
next school year?
>> That's a really good question, but I
think what's fascinating about these
teachers is
they're trying to get students to think
deeply about its implications for
society, not just how to use it. And the
questioning skills that they're learning
can be applied to any technology,
whether it's social media or like
upcoming quantum technology. And so, I
think of this not so much as AI literacy
as AI civics. It's a civics class.
And so, as a final project, the students
got up and they presented a kind of
declaration of independence about this
technology.
>> I hold these
>> should be self-evident that artificial
intelligence is a tool created to expand
human potential.
>> That AI is meant to be a tool to help
people instead of replacing human
thinking. It is only to foster personal
harmony. We seek a personal connection
with technology that serves to enhance
the human experience without replacing
it.
>> That creativity is lost whenever
convenience becomes more important than
growth, and that true learning still
demands struggle, reflection, and
creativity.
>> [music]
>> And that AI should be viewed as a
extension for humanity designed to
unlock solutions for critical
challenges.
>> Whenever AI begins to diminish honesty
or human connection, [music] we have the
responsibility to limit its use and to
question its influence because learning
>> Educational may authorize the usage of
artificial intelligence provided it
remains a tool of support and never a
surrogate for the educator. In
conclusion, we stand firm against the
surrender of our autonomy. We assert our
role as the architects of the future.
>> Thank you for a great semester. We had
never taught this class before, it never
existed before at the school, and thanks
to you, I think it's become a a part of
the future here and elsewhere maybe.
Thank you.
>> [applause]
>> When you think of what parents are
concerned about, that there's so much
tech in schools, that it is rotting
kids' brains and bamboozling them, and
they won't be able to think critically,
like here you have 12th graders who
arrived at a place where they're excited
about AI. They want to use the tools in
ways that will benefit them. They have
specific ideas about what uses that
might be, but they also know that they
are dealing with a product, and they
don't want to have a product-driven
future. They want to have a human-driven
future, and I think that that's like an
amazing outcome for parents who are
concerned about the overuse of tech in
schools.
>> Well, to your point, Natasha,
what people are worried about with
technology is
so existential, right? Like it's really
important how we educate kids.
But what is the world that we are
educating them for? Because what this
one teacher is doing, even if it does
work and it gets students to think
critically and use these tools better,
that feels very out of scale with the
advances this technology is making in
basically every other sector of our
lives. Like this feels a little bit like
a David and Goliath story.
>> So, I think you're picking up something
that's really important. We all know
there's a massive massive power
imbalance between trillion-dollar tech
giants pushing schools to train kids on
their AI tools and the durable critical
thinking skills that teachers like Scott
and Mike believe are in the best
interest of kids. But, I think it's part
of a much bigger thing that's happening
where we're questioning what we want the
world to look like.
I'm visiting schools all the time, and I
think this grassroots teacher movement
for AI civics
is much bigger than the one classroom in
the one school we visited.
The fact that teachers around the
country want to help students learn to
ask deep questions about whether they
want a technology-driven future, how
they want AI tools to fit into their
lives, or maybe they don't want to use
AI at all, is a reflection of this
broader questioning of the role of big
tech [music] power in society.
Students are not buying the idea that an
AI-driven future is inevitable. [music]
>> Natasha Singer, thank you so much.
Rachel, thank [music] you for having me.
We'll be right [music] back.
>> Here's what else you need to know today.
The Trump administration announced plans
to move two major functions [music] of
the education department to other parts
of the government. The White House's
most aggressive move yet [music] to
dismantle an agency that it has pledged
to dissolve.
The changes move programs for disabled
students into the Department of Health
and Human Services,
>> [music]
>> and the enforcement of civil rights laws
in schools to the Justice Department.
The moves are expected to be immediately
challenged in court.
>> [music]
>> And, federal prosecutors on Tuesday
unsealed conspiracy, assault, and other
charges against [music] 15 people
accused of violently impeding
immigration enforcement officers in
Minneapolis [music]
during an immigration crackdown this
year.
Minnesota's top federal prosecutor,
Daniel Rosen, said the defendants were
members of two Minneapolis-based groups
connected with the far-left [music]
movement Antifa.
Since the immigration crackdown began
late last year, prosecutors have
struggled to sustain similar criminal
charges against ICE [music] protesters,
with judges often questioning the
government's underlying evidence.
Today's episode was produced [music] by
Diana Win, Lexi Dio, Adrian Hurst, and
Anna Foley.
It was edited by Michael Benois with
[music] help from Liz O'Baylen, and
contains music by Marion Lozano, Dan
Powell, [music] and Chelsea Daniel.
Our theme music is by Wonderly.
Special thanks to Juan Arredondo.
>> [music]
[music]
>> That's it for the daily. I'm Rachel
Abrams. See you tomorrow.